Update webhook data section to include headers (#44142)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/automation/trigger.markdown

### Webhook data

> Payloads may either be encoded as form data or JSON. Depending on that, its data will be available in an automation template as either `trigger.data` or `trigger.json`. URL query parameters are available in the template as `trigger.query` and the request headers are available as `trigger.headers`. Note that the headers may contain sensitive data, so be aware that headers may be output to log files or notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payloads may either be encoded as form data or JSON. Depending on that, its data will be available in an automation template as either `trigger.data` or `trigger.json`. URL query parameters are available in the template as `trigger.query` and the request headers are available as `trigger.headers`.

{% important %}
Request headers may contain sensitive data. Be aware that header contents may appear in log files or notifications.
{% endimportant %}
```
I would highlight this information a bit.
